rofi: added dmenu option, added homepage (#3233)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/rofi.md

- Switch between windows:

`rofi -show window`

> - Pipe a list of items to stdin and print the selected item stdout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pipe a list of items to stdin and print the selected item to stdout:
```

Typo.

> `echo "{{Something\nOr\nOther}}" | rofi -dmenu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`echo -e "{{Coiche1\nChoice2\nChoice3}}" | rofi -dmenu`
```
`echo` needs `-e` to interpret newlines `\n`. Also, I think using `ChoiceN` for the items is clearer.

> - If we pipe a list of items to stdin, the selected item will be printed (or piped into a different process) to stdout:

Reviewer 2: Sorry to be a pain, but I'm not so sure about this. I think it's the `If` here that's bothering me. What about this?

```suggestion
- Pipe a list of items to stdin and print the selected item stdout:
```

I think we can assume that the reader will know that they can send the standard output of one command into another as the standard input.

Reviewer 3: It is not clear to me how the item is selected. The stdin input is just a list of lines.

Author: Rofi will open a ui thing that'll let the user select one

Reviewer 3: Ok, then we should clarify that. Perhaps say "select an item and then print it to console" or something to that effect.
